FAQ: update some FAQ items (#938)
pingcap/docs: FAQ.md

- NUMA: no specific suggestion; for memory allocation strategy, you can use `interleave = all`
- File system: ext4

#### How is the write performance in the most strict data available mode (`sync-log = true`)?

Generally, enabling `sync-log` reduces about 30% of the performance. For write performance when `sync-log` is set to `false`, see [Performance test result for TiDB using Sysbench](benchmark/sysbench.md).

#### Can Raft + multiple replicas in the TiKV architecture achieve absolute data security? Is it necessary to apply the most strict mode (`sync-log = true) to a standalone storage?

> Raft replicates data with strong consistency. Only when the data has been written into more than 50% of the nodes, will the application return ACK (two out of three nodes). In this case, data consistency is guaranteed. However, theoretically, two nodes might crash. Therefore, for scenarios with a strict requirement on data security, for example, the financial industry, you need to enable the `sync-log` mode.

Author: "In this case, data consistency is guaranteed."  Does this equal to "security is guaranteed"?

Reviewer: I think it is important to be careful using the word consistency with raft.  It does not provide the snapshot isolation consistency for example, since it operates at a much lower level.

```suggestion
Data is redundantly copied between TiKV nodes using the [Raft consensus algorithm](https://raft.github.io/) to ensure recoverability should a node failure occur. Only when the data has been written into more than 50% of the nodes, will the application return ACK (two out of three nodes). However, theoretically, two nodes might crash. Therefore, for scenarios with a strict requirement on data security, for example, the financial industry, you need to enable the `sync-log` mode.

As an alternative to using `sync-log`, you may also consider having five nodes instead of three in your Raft group. This would allow for the failure of two nodes, while still providing data safety.
```

- NUMA: no specific suggestion; for memory allocation strategy, you can use `interleave = all`
- File system: ext4

#### How is the write performance in the most strict data available mode (`sync-log = true`)?

Generally, enabling `sync-log` reduces about 30% of the performance. For write performance when `sync-log` is set to `false`, see [Performance test result for TiDB using Sysbench](benchmark/sysbench.md).

> #### Can Raft + multiple replicas in the TiKV architecture achieve absolute data security? Is it necessary to apply the most strict mode (`sync-log = true) to a standalone storage?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Can Raft + multiple replicas in the TiKV architecture achieve absolute data security? Is it necessary to apply the most strict mode (`sync-log = true`) to a standalone storage?
```

Missing an end backquote
